doc(pe): Document policy options (#601)
armory/docs: content/en/docs/plugin-guide/plugin-policy-engine/packages/spinnaker.execution/stages.before/deleteManifest.md

---
title: "spinnaker.execution.stages.before.deleteManifest"
linktitle: "deleteManifest"

> description: "A policy targeting this object is run before executing each task in a deleteManifest stage."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "A policy targeting this object runs before executing each task in a deleteManifest stage."
```

weight: 10
---

See [Deploy Applications to Kubernetes]({{< ref "kubernetes-v2#available-manifest-based-stages" >}}) for more information on this stage.

## Example Payload

<details><summary>Click to expand</summary>

```json
{
  "input": {
    "deploy": {
      "account": "spinnaker",
      "allCoordinates": [],
      "credentials": "spinnaker",
      "events": [],
      "kinds": [],
      "labelSelectors": {
        "empty": true,
        "notEmpty": false,
        "selectors": []
      },
      "location": "staging",
      "manifestName": "deployment hostname",
      "options": {
        "apiVersion": null,
        "dryRun": null,
        "gracePeriodSeconds": 5,
        "kind": null,
        "orphanDependents": null,
        "preconditions": null,
        "propagationPolicy": null
      }
    }
  }
}
```
</details>

## Example Policy

> This example policy requires delete manifest stages to provide a minimum 2 minute grace period when run in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example policy requires Delete Manifest stages to provide a minimum 2 minute grace period when run in production.
```

{{< prism lang="rego" line-numbers="true" >}}
package spinnaker.execution.stages.before.deleteManifest

productionAccounts :=["prod1","prod2"]

deny["deletions in production accounts must allow a minimum of 2 minutes for graceful shutdown."]{
	input.deploy.account==productionAccounts[_]
    input.deploy.options.gracePeriodSeconds<120
}
{{< /prism >}}

## Keys

| Key                                       | Type      | Description                                                                                                                               |
| ----------------------------------------- | --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `input.deploy.account`                    | `string`  | The spinnaker account being deployed to.                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: same q as previous comments about claryfing the account since you don't deploy to Spinnaker accounts.
